docs(api): add --node-env (#4523)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.md

| `--color`           | boolean         | Enable colors on console                                                                                       |
| `--merge, -m`       | boolean         | Merge two or more configurations using webpack-merge e.g. `-c ./webpack.config.js -c ./webpack.test.config.js` |
| `--env`             | string[]        | Environment passed to the configuration when it is a function                                                  |

> | `--node-env`        | string          | Set process.env.NODE_ENV to the specified value                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--node-env`        | string          | Set `process.env.NODE_ENV` to the specified value                                                                |
```

T> See the [environment variables](/guides/environment-variables/) guide for more information on its usage.

### NODE_ENV

> you can use `--node-env` option to set `process.env.NODE_ENV`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `--node-env` option to set `process.env.NODE_ENV`:
```

```bash

> webpack-cli --node-env production   # process.env.NODE_ENV = 'production'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx webpack --node-env production   # process.env.NODE_ENV = 'production'
```

```

> T> The `mode` option respect the `--node-env` option if you don't set the `mode` option explicitly using CLI options or in configuration(s), i.e. `--node-env production` set `process.env.NODE_ENV` and `mode` to `'production'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> The `mode` option would respect the `--node-env` option if you don't set it explicitly, i.e. `--node-env production` would set both `process.env.NODE_ENV` and `mode` to `'production'`
```
